docs: document MCP server tools usable without authentication (#2674)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/ai/mcp.md

- _Apify API token_ - Get your API token from the **API & Integrations** section in [Apify Console](https://console.apify.com/settings/integrations). This token authorizes the MCP server to run Actors on your behalf. Make sure to keep it secure.
- _MCP client_ - An AI agent or client that supports Model Context Protocol (MCP) This could be Anthropic's Claude for Desktop, a VS Code extension with MCP support, or any application that implements the MCP specification. The [official MCP documentation](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/clients) maintains a list of compatible clients.

:::info Use without an account

A core set of tools for Actor discovery and documentation lookup works without an Apify account or API token. Authentication is only required to run Actors and access storage or run data. See [Anonymous access](#anonymous-access) for the list of tools and how to enable token-free access.

:::

> 

Author: No need for a paragraph AND an info box

:::

### Anonymous access

> The Apify MCP server accepts requests without an API token when the `tools` query parameter contains _only_ tools enabled for unauthenticated use. These tools cover Actor discovery and documentation lookup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apify MCP server accepts requests without an API token when the `tools` query parameter contains only tools enabled for unauthenticated use. These tools cover Actor discovery and documentation lookup:
```
I think the emphasis is unnecessary 🤔

:::

### Anonymous access

> The hosted server accepts requests without an API token when the `tools` query parameter contains _only_ tools enabled for unauthenticated use. These tools cover Actor discovery and documentation lookup:

Author: ```suggestion
The Apify MCP server accepts requests without an API token when the `tools` query parameter contains _only_ tools enabled for unauthenticated use. These tools cover Actor discovery and documentation lookup:
```
